A: The topic of our meeting today is Weixin marketing and I will be conducting the meeting. Presently, we have already passed Tencent's verification and have an official account. Next, we need to pool our ideas to see how to use Weixin to promote our goods.
B: In having an official account, of course the most important thing is the people that will subscribe to it. I think the first step is we need to incorporate information of the official account in our present methods of publicity. Afterwards, we can increase new subscriptions through ways like QR code scanning and Weibo publicity.
C: Then what is the difference between this and Weibo? At the outset, we spent a lot of energy cultivating Weibo followers. Isn't it redundant to expend effort again now to increase Weixin subscriptions?
B: Weibo mainly releases news. Besides releasing news, Weixin can also interact better with the user. For example, I subscribed to the bank's Weixin official account. Besides being able to receive information of the bank's activity on it, I also can receive my credit card statement, repayment situation ect.
C: Then what functions do we need to add to our Weixin account?
A: Since it's even more focused marketing, then we need to bind the user's account for sure. After that, we should let the customer be able to leave messages on Weixin, and have our customer service answer their questions.
C: Brilliant, functional posts are indispensable. We need to avoid out-and-out promotion, otherwise if people see sales advertisements everyday, who will be willing to view our official account?
B: Weixin also has online stores which we also need to add in, as it is convenient for users to make purchases. In addition, we can also organize some activities; for example, if they share our posts on "Moments" or recommend them to their friends, then they could accumulate points and things like that.
A: Everybody's ideas are great. Then next it's up to Xiao Liu to be responsible for the specifics. Before next Monday, bring out some preliminary plans and we will talk it over again.
